.TH INSTACART-ORDER-HISTORY-FETCH 1 "January 2026" "1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
instacart-order-history-fetch \- download Instacart order history
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B instacart-order-history-fetch
.RB \-\-instacart\-session\-id
.IR SESSION_ID
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B instacart-order-history-fetch
downloads your Instacart order history and saves it as JSON, CSV, markdown, TSV, or YAML.
.PP
Progress is displayed to stderr. Use \fB\-q\fR for quiet mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-instacart\-session\-id " " \fISESSION_ID\fR
Your _instacart_session_id cookie value (required).
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-orders " " \fIN\fR
Number of orders to fetch (default: all).
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-format " " \fIFORMAT\fR
Output format: json (default), csv, markdown, tsv, yaml.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Write output to FILE instead of stdout.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress progress output.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
Fetch all orders as JSON:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-instacart\-session\-id "abc123..."
.RE
.PP
Fetch last 10 orders as CSV:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-instacart\-session\-id "abc123..." \-n 10 \-f csv
.RE
.PP
Fetch to file:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-instacart\-session\-id "abc123..." \-o orders.json
.RE
.SH AUTHENTICATION
Log into instacart.com, open DevTools, go to Application > Cookies, copy the value of _instacart_session_id.
.SH AUTHOR
Mike Vincent, Los Angeles
.br
https://www.mikevincent.dev
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Mike Vincent. All rights reserved.
.br
MIT License.
